okay hello this is the have a glamour
eyes curly hair part 2 of part 2 if that
makes any sense I woke up surprisingly i
went to book my sister to the doctor
well the place where pregnant people
girl cuz she's pregnant and judo wants
her with that stuff then we ate at
Burger King and then I got I'm back home
now so my hair maybe a little bit messed
up because I went out and about for like
five hours whatever so this is how it
looks I woke up to my pink bonnet off
and took the hair tie out and then put
it like this Tina is how it ends up
looking don't tell me if you think you
like my process my technique and what
you think I could do to change it to
make it better whatever so yeah
already and that's basically all i have
to say we were gonna go there look we
went there with her because we thought
we are going to be able to see the
thingy where we see if it's a boy or
girl but that's next time so yeah but
i'm not going next time because you can
only take two people and i said i don't
have to go so yeah that's basically it
thanks for watching and more videos will
definitely be posted you will always
have video to watch of me so all righty
bye-bye